17/02/2020
simplybe-uk - headers and list issue
gucci-us    - headers and list issue menu skipped Psychedelic  done
myer-au     - list error
reserved-uk - new math 
reserved-de - rerun
stradivarius- list rerun
lillypulitzer-us-  list rerun	

18/02/2020
coach-us     - second level menu name changed
nike-de     - In sale 3rd level menu skipped
jdwilliams  - list rerun
wiggleus    - site maintenance
elcorteingles-es  - list rerun product count is missing

19/02/2020
coach-us     - second level menu name changed
tommy-de, tommy-es - site maintenance
stevemadden-us  - [2][4] added a new condition in key value.
mirapodo.de   - list rerun
sportsmanswarehouse-za - menu changes from level3 
burberry-uk - list rerun
browniespain-es- detail rerun

20/02/2020
stradivarius- list rerun -zbuf error
tommy-es - X count is high, so goldrush fail_reprocess given
farfetch-uk - facet values are not collected. changed the regx.
farfetch-us - facet values are not collected. changed the regx.
thenorthface-us- list rerun - Z_BUF_ERROR  "ZIP conversion error"
dune-za - list rerun
cabelas-us - site maintenance
etam-es - list rerun
casasclub-es - list rerun
asics-us - list rerun

21/02/2020
stradivarius- list rerun 
patagonia-us - navigation changed. BA assistance needed.

25/02/2020
stradivarius- list rerun 3times started
prettylittlething-uk - deleted the content and rerunagain
quiz-uk  -list rerun 2time started, code changes in addurltoredis 
thenorthface-uk- list rerun 
very-uk   - list rerun 
frenchconnection-au - list rerun 2times started
generalpants-au   goldrush detail_reprocess
casasclub-es - list rerun  , menu skipped cordones
browniespain-es  --goldrush detail

26/02/2020
bloomingdales-us - list rerun
burberry-uk      - list rerun
casasclub-es     - facet url reformed

27/02/2020
stradivarius-de - list rerun
hudsonsbay-us   - list rerun
revolve-us      - list rerun delete the content and list rerun
generalpants-au - detail reprocess
browniespain-es  --goldrush detail

28/02/2020
stradivarius-de - list rerun
landsend-us	- price issue
asos-uk		- price issue
asos-us		- price issue

29/02/2020
stradivarius-de - list rerun
bloomingdales-us-goldrush detail
zappos-us      - first level menu changed

02/03/2020
zappos-us      - first level menu changed
mrporter-us    - fourth level menu changed
lillypulitzer-us - failure reprocess
casasclub-es     - list rerun

03/03/2020
zappos-us      - first level menu changed
asos-uk- price issue fix
asos-us- price issue fix
fendi-uk- goldrush detail
fendi-us- goldrush detail
thenorthface-uk - nohup list
americaneagle-us  - 5729_4553_682     x-access-token: 3a405d82-e8af-4c14-85a8-bc662c2a08c0

04/03/2020 
bloomingdales-us  goldrush detail
coach-us   goldrush list,content deleted
dickssportinggoods-us goldrush list
harrods-uk 
kohls-us        goldrush detail 
mirapodo-de     
stradivarius-de goldrush detail
thenorthface-uk goldrush list
thenorthface-us goldrush list
tommy-us	goldrush list
woolworths-za   goldrush detail
very-uk		goldrush list
zara-es		goldrush detail, goldrush detail_reprocess
footlocker-us   goldrush list
fabiani-za	goldrush list
anthropologie-us goldrush detail
baandsh-es-	 goldrush list
casasclub-es	 goldrush list

05/03/2020
woolworths-za    goldrush detail
thenorthface-uk  nohup list
thenorthface-us  nohup list
kohls-us        goldrush detail 
andotherstories-uk goldrush list
cosstores-de goldrush list
forevernew-au - json regex changed

06/03/2020
forevernew-au - json regex changed
asos-us- 	price issue fix

07/03/2020
stradivarius-de - goldrush list
thenorthface-us-production ~ $ goldrush list 	
thenorthface-uk-production ~ $ goldrush list
planet54-za-production ~ $ goldrush list
coach-us-production ~ $ goldrush list second level menu changed
woolworths-za-production ~ $ goldrush detail

11/03/2020
zappos-us 	 	- goldrush list
bimbaylola-es    	-goldrush detail, goldrush detail, detail reprocess
harrods-uk 		 
hudsonsbay-us 		-goldrush list
stagestores-us  
thenorthface-us	 	-goldrush list
tommy-us         	-goldrush list, second level menu changed
urbanoutfitters-us	 goldrush list
woolworths-za		 goldrush detail
elcorteingles-es	 goldrush detail
bloomingdales-us	 goldrush detail
calvinklein-us 		goldrush list
next-uk 		goldrush detail
fendi-us 		goldrush detail
fendi-uk 		goldrush detail
freepeople-us-production ~ :( $ goldrush list
baandsh-es-production ~ $ goldrush detail
kohls-us-production ~ $ goldrush detail
scotchandsoda-es-production ~ $ goldrush list

12/03/2020:
h&m-de              goldrush list
h&m-es              goldrush list
harrods-uk 
hm-ie               goldrush list
hudsonsbay-us       goldrush list
kohls-us 	    goldrush detail
mirapodo-de         goldrush list
mytheresa-de 	    goldrush list, 2nd level menu changed
stagestores-us	    goldrush list
stradivarius-de     goldrush detail
thenorthface-uk     goldrush list
thenorthface-us     goldrush list
urbanoutfitters-us  goldrush list
woolworths-za       goldrush detail
fendi-us	    goldrush detail
fendi-uk	    goldrush detail
andotherstories-uk  goldrush list
lillypulitzer-us    goldrush fail_reprocess


PERL:

1.The collection isn't completing automatically otto-de,macys-us due to the high count.So,we are running dump part manually.
2.We are facing the N count issue for matches-uk while reaching the instock count 40K.We are having allocated 1.5hit/sec.
3.we are facing the N count issue for mrporter-uk and bealls-us while reaching count 13k

Gold rush:
1.The data collection is not completing for aboutyou-de automatically due to the huge count(180K) issue.We are having 15K products in N due to this collection incompletion.
2.The header is changing in sku level for americaneagle-us on daily basis.So,we are changing the header manually.
3.The data collection is not completing for asos-uk and asos-us due to the slow response issue.
4.The list is not automatically completing for bestandless-au due to the looping issue.
5.The list is terminating for bloomingdales-us at the end of the list collection.
6.The data collection is not completing for debenhams-uk due to the long running list and detail robot.
7.We are facing the N count issue for elcorteingles-es while reaching the detail count 36k and 75K.
8.The list is not completing automatically for gant-es and the retailer got blocked while reaching the instock count 680.
9.We are facing the max client error for generalpants-au while reaching the y count 2800 approximately.
10.The data collection is not completing for kohls-us due to the long running detail robot and  we are having 35K products in N due to this collection incompletion.
11.The data collection is not completing for mirapodo-de due to the long running list and detail robot.
12.The data collection is not completing for next-uk due to the long running list and detail robot and we are having the nearly 50% product drop.
13.The list collection is not automatically completing for pepejeans-es.
14.We are having the blockage issue for carbon38-us on a daily basis.
15.We are having the N count issue for target-us when reaching detail count 13k.
16.We are cloning tkmaxx-uk manually and monitoring the retailer with extra care to reduce the proxy cost..
17.The list collection is not completing automaitcally for seedheritage-au , newbalance-us
18.The list is terminating for thenorthface-us,thenorthface-uk due to the wrong content issue.
19.We are having the product drop for lillypulitzer-us due to x count issue.
20.We are facing list error for fendi-uk and fendi-us at the end of the list collection.So we are starting detail part manually.We may have the product drop due to this issue.
21.The list is terminating  for woolworths-za at the end of the list collection due to the content issue.So,we are triggering list part manually .
22.We are facing N count issue for  tommy-uk 



1.The header is changing in sku level for americaneagle-us.Due to this issue we are changing the headers manually on a daily basis.
2.We are facing list error for bergdorfgoodman-us due to the Esocket time out error.
3.We are facing list error for bloomingdales-us at the end of the list collection.So,we are triggering detail part manually.
4.We are facing list error for browniespain-es at the end of the list collection.So,we are triggering detail part manually.
5.We are facing list error for woolworths-za at the end of the list collection due to the content issue.So,we are triggering list part manually more the 3 times.
6.We are facing the looping issue for dickssportinggoods-us,finishline-us,pepejeans-es,bestandless-au. So we are terminating the list part manually and start the detail part.We may have the product drop in our collection due to this issue.
7.We are facing list error for fendi-uk and fendi-us at the end of the list collection.So we are starting detail part manually.We may have the product drop due to this issue.
8.We are facing the looping issue for gant-es in list side and the retailer is blocking while the detail count is reaching 600.
9.We are facing N count issue for generalpants-au on a daily basis due to the max client error.
10.We are facing X count issue for jdwilliams-uk due to the wrong content issue.Regarding this issue we are reprocessing the detail part once again.Due to this issue the proxy cost will increase
11.The data collection isn't not completing automatically for kohls-us due to the high count.So,we are running dump part manually.
12.We are having the product drop for lillypulitzer-us due to x count issue.
13.We are facing the N count issue for target-us.So,we are running detail part manually.
14.The list is terminating for thenorthface-us,thenorthface-uk due to the wrong content issue.
15.We are cloning tkmaxx-uk manually and monitoring the retailer with extra care to reduce the proxy cost.
16.We are facing N count issue for tommy-uk to the max client error.
17.We are facing List error for wiggle-us due to the content issue.
18.We are facing the X count issue for academy-us due to wrong content.  
19.We are running dump part manually for asos-uk,asos-us,breuniger-de,davidjones-au,debenhams-uk,house_of_fraser-uk,johnlewis-uk,mirapodo-de,myer-au,mytheresa-de,next-uk,target-us to avoid the failures.   

During api, stop the waiting response from api.
no need to upload the api data to sql